Update participant to peer (#22)
fishjam-cloud/documentation: guide/react-native/list-other.mdx

sidebar_position: 4
---

# List other peers

> In order see other streaming peers, you can use `usePeers`. It will return all
> other peers, together with track that they are streaming.

Reviewer: **polish:** 
```suggestion
In order to see other streaming peers, you can use `usePeers`. It will return all
other peers, together with the tracks that they are streaming.
```
